.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii rolo.1
.\"
.\" $Id: rolo.1,v 1.2 2003/02/25 03:35:58 ahsu Rel $
.\"
.TH rolo 1
.SH NAME
rolo \- contact management software
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B rolo
[-r] [-f
.I file
]
.br
.B rolo
-v
.br
.B rolo
-V
.br
.B rolo
-h
.SH DESCRIPTION
Rolo keeps track of your contacts and display them to you with a
text-based menu. Rolo strives to be a well-constructed tool for
complimenting text-based email programs-such as mutt. It utilizes
the vCard version 3.0 format for storing its contacts and it
interfaces with the end-user through a NCurses front-end.
.SH OPTIONS
.IP -r
Open the data file in read-only mode.  This essentially disables
adding, editing, and deleting contacts.
.IP -f
Use the specified
.I file
as the data file.
.IP -v
Display the version.
.IP -V
Display the copyright and license.
.IP -h
Display usage information.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.IP HOME
Full path of the user's home directory.
.IP ROLO_EDITOR
If EDITOR is set, its value is used as the name of the program to
invoke when displaying contact entries in advanced edit.  If
ROLO_EDITOR is not set, then EDITOR is used.  If EDITOR is also not
set, the default value of
.B vi
is used.
.IP ROLO_PAGER
If ROLO_PAGER is set, its value is used as the name of the program
to invoke when displaying contact entries in advanced edit.  If
ROLO_PAGER is not set, then PAGER is used.  If PAGER is also not
set, the default value of
.B more
is used.
.SH FILES
.IP ~/.rolo/rolorc
User configuration file.
.IP ~/.rolo/contacts.vcf
The default vCard file where the contacts are stored.
.SH AUTHOR
Andrew Hsu <ahsu@users.sf.net>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR rolorc (5),
.BR vcf (5),
.BR more (1),
.BR vi (1)
